versioned_docs/version-Live/index.md, before:

# Welcome to OpenDI 
We're glad you're here!  The purpose of this website is to publish OpenDI standards, materials, and resources for you to use and contribute to.  

Currently, standards are in draft / working draft format and may need significant additions, adjustments, or other contributions before they are ready for full use. 

**We want your input!**  
Please consider [contributing](./How%20To%20Contribute.md), and joining the [OpenDI Discord community](https://discord.gg/FtAX3JStJz).

## Who is OpenDI?

We are a decentralized group of entrepreneurs, executives, researchers, government leaders, and educators working to build an inclusive Decision Intelligence (DI) ecosystem dedicated to driving technological innovation, collaboration, and advancements in human decision making. Our goal is simple: *to break down the barriers that hinder progress and create a more open and integrated platform for Decision Intelligence technologies and services.*

<p align="center">
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/YUUCtljdrQw?si=d3DYaSUfiVyNgryj" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</p>

## Our Mission

OpenDI's mission is to empower you to make informed choices in a world that is increasingly volatile, uncertain, complex, and ambiguous.

OpenDI.org is an integrated ecosystem that creates standards for Decision Intelligence. We curate a source of truth for how Decision Intelligence software systems interact, thereby allowing small and large participants alike to provide parts of an overall solution. By uniting decision makers, architects, asset managers, simulation managers, administrators, engineers, and researchers around a common framework, connecting technology to actions that lead to outcomes, we are paving the way for diverse contributors to solve local and global challenges, and to lower barriesr to entry for all Decision Intelligence stakeholders.

[Learn More >>](./OpenDI%20Intro%20Material.md)

## Our Motivation

For two thousand years, humanity has created separate disciplines: economics, data science, artificial intelligence, medicine, computer science, complex systems analysis, psychology, and hundreds more.  Solutions to our greatest problems require that we move from these *specializations* and *knowledge silos* of our history to a fundamentally new *integration* that connects *knowledge* to *science* to *actions* to achieve *outcomes*. 

Why? Because the greatest problems of our time &mdash; be they inequality, climate, conflict, or how your business can best succeed &mdash; can only be solved by understanding how decisions in one realm affect another, and by using the power of data to see further than ever before, and the power of AI to analzye that data. 

But connecting the disciplines isn't enough. They also have to be connected to the *decisions* made by *people* whose consequences have effects near and far. 

The OpenDI ecosystem &mdash; which is centered around the discipline of *Decision Intelligence* (which gives a blueprint for how to fit the pieces together) is the catalyst for this integration. 

## OpenDI Standards
OpenDI is a brand-new initiative, and this is reflected by our small set of initial standards drafts.  You can read them by following the links below.

### Roles and User Stories

Describes a standardized language for talking about decision makers as they formalize &mdash; and build computer systems that help them to make &mdash; decisions.

[View Resource >>](http://opendi.org/roles-user-stories)

### (Working Draft) API Specification
Describes an interchange format for how components of a DI system talk to another.  Just as you computer's keyboard can be made by one company, it's chips by another, and your mouse by a third, this API specification allows elements of a DI system to communicate in a standard language, thereby supporting a vibrant ecosystem of vendors, researchers, educators, and users.

The associated JSON Schema describes a format for files that contain Causal Decision Models (CDMs): the core representation of DI and the ecosystem.

> This resource is in **working draft** state, meaning it is still under heavy development.  
> While this resource may receive significant changes in a short time, comments and other input on its current state are welcome!

[View Resource >>](http://opendi.org/api-specification)

## Reference Implementations

Developed alongside the OpenDI standards, these open source projects demonstrate OpenDI compliance with fully-functional example implementations.

*CDD Authoring Tool*  
![CDD AUthoring Tool Preview](./img/CDD%20Authoring%20Tool%20Preview.png)  

*Simple Model API (Go)*  
![Model API Preview](./img/Model%20API%20Preview.png)

*Docker Compose Authoring Tool*  
![Authoring Tool Compose Preview](./img/Authoring%20Tool%20Compose%20Preview.png)

[View Reference Implementations >>](./How-to-use-OpenDI/Reference%20Implementations.md)

## Contribution

Want to join an exciting group of visionaries who are helping to create OpenDI?

Check out the contribution guide!  
[View Contribution Guide >>](./How%20To%20Contribute.md)  

Join the OpenDI Discord community!  
<iframe src="https://discord.com/widget?id=1208154608984129557&theme=dark" width="350" height="500" allowtransparency="true" frameborder="0" sandbox="allow-popups allow-popups-to-escape-sandbox allow-same-origin allow-scripts"></iframe>

## Credits

### Contributors
David Roberts, Lorien Pratt, Nadine Malcolm, Isaac Kellogg.

Add your name here! [Here's how.](./How%20To%20Contribute.md)

### OpenDI Ambassadors
Kaan Zaimoglu

Interested in becoming an OpenDI Ambassador? Ask about it on the [OpenDI Discord community](https://discord.gg/FtAX3JStJz)!

Commit message:

Homepage: Supporters section, USDA acknowledgement
Added a "Supporters" section to the main OpenDI landing page.
For now, this just has an acknowledgement of USDA AFRI support, with the USDA logo above.

As usual, changes in `versioned_docs/version-Live` mirror the changes in `docs/`, and will not apply to the `Live` version of the deployed site until we merge a PR to `main`.

versioned_docs/version-Live/index.md, after:

# Welcome to OpenDI 
We're glad you're here!  The purpose of this website is to publish OpenDI standards, materials, and resources for you to use and contribute to.  

Currently, standards are in draft / working draft format and may need significant additions, adjustments, or other contributions before they are ready for full use. 

**We want your input!**  
Please consider [contributing](./How%20To%20Contribute.md), and joining the [OpenDI Discord community](https://discord.gg/FtAX3JStJz).

## Who is OpenDI?

We are a decentralized group of entrepreneurs, executives, researchers, government leaders, and educators working to build an inclusive Decision Intelligence (DI) ecosystem dedicated to driving technological innovation, collaboration, and advancements in human decision making. Our goal is simple: *to break down the barriers that hinder progress and create a more open and integrated platform for Decision Intelligence technologies and services.*

<p align="center">
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/YUUCtljdrQw?si=d3DYaSUfiVyNgryj" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</p>

## Our Mission

OpenDI's mission is to empower you to make informed choices in a world that is increasingly volatile, uncertain, complex, and ambiguous.

OpenDI.org is an integrated ecosystem that creates standards for Decision Intelligence. We curate a source of truth for how Decision Intelligence software systems interact, thereby allowing small and large participants alike to provide parts of an overall solution. By uniting decision makers, architects, asset managers, simulation managers, administrators, engineers, and researchers around a common framework, connecting technology to actions that lead to outcomes, we are paving the way for diverse contributors to solve local and global challenges, and to lower barriesr to entry for all Decision Intelligence stakeholders.

[Learn More >>](./OpenDI%20Intro%20Material.md)

## Our Motivation

For two thousand years, humanity has created separate disciplines: economics, data science, artificial intelligence, medicine, computer science, complex systems analysis, psychology, and hundreds more.  Solutions to our greatest problems require that we move from these *specializations* and *knowledge silos* of our history to a fundamentally new *integration* that connects *knowledge* to *science* to *actions* to achieve *outcomes*. 

Why? Because the greatest problems of our time &mdash; be they inequality, climate, conflict, or how your business can best succeed &mdash; can only be solved by understanding how decisions in one realm affect another, and by using the power of data to see further than ever before, and the power of AI to analzye that data. 

But connecting the disciplines isn't enough. They also have to be connected to the *decisions* made by *people* whose consequences have effects near and far. 

The OpenDI ecosystem &mdash; which is centered around the discipline of *Decision Intelligence* (which gives a blueprint for how to fit the pieces together) is the catalyst for this integration. 

## OpenDI Standards
OpenDI is a brand-new initiative, and this is reflected by our small set of initial standards drafts.  You can read them by following the links below.

### Roles and User Stories

Describes a standardized language for talking about decision makers as they formalize &mdash; and build computer systems that help them to make &mdash; decisions.

[View Resource >>](http://opendi.org/roles-user-stories)

### (Working Draft) API Specification
Describes an interchange format for how components of a DI system talk to another.  Just as you computer's keyboard can be made by one company, it's chips by another, and your mouse by a third, this API specification allows elements of a DI system to communicate in a standard language, thereby supporting a vibrant ecosystem of vendors, researchers, educators, and users.

The associated JSON Schema describes a format for files that contain Causal Decision Models (CDMs): the core representation of DI and the ecosystem.

> This resource is in **working draft** state, meaning it is still under heavy development.  
> While this resource may receive significant changes in a short time, comments and other input on its current state are welcome!

[View Resource >>](http://opendi.org/api-specification)

## Reference Implementations

Developed alongside the OpenDI standards, these open source projects demonstrate OpenDI compliance with fully-functional example implementations.

*CDD Authoring Tool*  
![CDD AUthoring Tool Preview](./img/CDD%20Authoring%20Tool%20Preview.png)  

*Simple Model API (Go)*  
![Model API Preview](./img/Model%20API%20Preview.png)

*Docker Compose Authoring Tool*  
![Authoring Tool Compose Preview](./img/Authoring%20Tool%20Compose%20Preview.png)

[View Reference Implementations >>](./How-to-use-OpenDI/Reference%20Implementations.md)

## Contribution

Want to join an exciting group of visionaries who are helping to create OpenDI?

Check out the contribution guide!  
[View Contribution Guide >>](./How%20To%20Contribute.md)  

Join the OpenDI Discord community!  
<iframe src="https://discord.com/widget?id=1208154608984129557&theme=dark" width="350" height="500" allowtransparency="true" frameborder="0" sandbox="allow-popups allow-popups-to-escape-sandbox allow-same-origin allow-scripts"></iframe>

## Credits

### Contributors
David Roberts, Lorien Pratt, Nadine Malcolm, Isaac Kellogg.

Add your name here! [Here's how.](./How%20To%20Contribute.md)

### Supporters
![USDA Logo](img/usda-logo-color.svg)  
This project was supported in part by the intramural research program of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI) Data Science for Food and Agriculture program (2022-67021-37137).

### OpenDI Ambassadors
Kaan Zaimoglu

Interested in becoming an OpenDI Ambassador? Ask about it on the [OpenDI Discord community](https://discord.gg/FtAX3JStJz)!
