docs/index.md, before:

# Welcome to OpenDI 
We're glad you're here!  The purpose of this website is to publish OpenDI standards and assets for you to a) use and b) contribute to.  

## Who is OpenDI?

We are a decentralized group of entrepreneurs, executives, researchers, government leaders, and educators working to build an inclusive Decision Intelligence (DI) ecosystem dedicated to driving technological innovation, collaboration, and advancements in human decision making. Our goal is simple: *to break down the barriers that hinder progress and create a more open and integrated platform for Decision Intelligence technologies and services.*

## Why

For two thousand years, humanity has created separate disciplines: economics, data science, artificial intelligence, medicine, computer science, complex systems analysis, psychology, and hundreds more.  Solutions to our greatest problems require that we move from these *specializations* and *knowledge silos* of our history to a fundamentally new *integration* that connects *knowledge* to *science* to *actions* to achieve *outcomes*. 

Why? Because the greatest problems of our time &mdash; be they inequality, climate, conflict, or how your business can best succeed &mdash; can only be solved by understanding how decisions in one realm affect another, and by using the power of data to see further than ever before, along with AI to analzye that data. 

But connecting the disciplines isn't enough. They also have to be connected to the *decisions* made by *people* whose consequences have effects near and far. 

The OpenDI ecosystem &mdash; which is centered around the discipline of *Decision Intelligence* (which gives a blueprint for how to fit the pieces together) is the catalyst for this integration. 
We're on a mission to empower you to make informed choices in a world that is increasingly volatile, uncertain, complex, and ambiguous.

## What

OpenDI.org is an integrated ecosystem whose mission includes creating standards for Decision Intelligence. We curate a source of truth 
for how Decision Intelligence software systems interact, thereby allowing small and large participants alike to provide parts of an overall solution.
By uniting decision makers, architects, asset managers, simulation managers, administrators, engineers, and researchers around a common framework that connects technology to actions that lead to outcomes, we are paving the way for diverse contributors to solve local and global challenges, and to lower barriers to entry for all Decision Intelligence stakeholders.

[Learn More >>](./OpenDI%20Intro%20Material.md)

## OpenDI Standards
OpenDI is a brand-new initiative, and this is reflected by our small set of initial standards.  You can read them by following the links below.

### [Roles and User Stories](http://roles-user-stories.opendi.org)
Describes a standardized language for talking about decision makers as they formalize &mdash; and build computer systems that help them to make &mdash; decisions.

### [JSON Schema Specification](http://json-schema.opendi.org)
Describes a format for files that contain Causal Decision Models (CDMs): the core representation of DI and the ecosystem.

### [API Specification](./API%20Specification.md)
Describes an interchange format for how components of a DI system talk to another.  Just as you computer's keyboard can be made by one company, it's chips by another, and your mouse by a third, this API specification allows elements of a DI system to communicate in a standard language, thereby supporting a vibrant ecosystem of vendors, researchers, educators, and users.

## Contribution

Want to join an exciting group of visionaries who are helping to create OpenDI?  Check out the [contribution guide](./How%20To%20Contribute.md) here.

## Credits
David Roberts, Lorien Pratt, Nadine Malcolm, Isaac Kellogg, \<your name here!, [here's how](./How%20To%20Contribute.md)\>.

Commit message:

Index: Some notes about draft states
Added some disclaimer-style notes about the state of some OpenDI materials.
In particular, emphasized that the JSON Schema is in a working draft state and will likely significantly change.
Also noted that API spec is not available yet.

docs/index.md, after:

# Welcome to OpenDI 
We're glad you're here!  The purpose of this website is to publish OpenDI standards and assets for you to use and contribute to.  

Currently, standards are in draft / working draft format and may need significant additions, adjustments, or other [contributions](./How%20To%20Contribute.md) before they are ready for full use.

## Who is OpenDI?

We are a decentralized group of entrepreneurs, executives, researchers, government leaders, and educators working to build an inclusive Decision Intelligence (DI) ecosystem dedicated to driving technological innovation, collaboration, and advancements in human decision making. Our goal is simple: *to break down the barriers that hinder progress and create a more open and integrated platform for Decision Intelligence technologies and services.*

## Why

For two thousand years, humanity has created separate disciplines: economics, data science, artificial intelligence, medicine, computer science, complex systems analysis, psychology, and hundreds more.  Solutions to our greatest problems require that we move from these *specializations* and *knowledge silos* of our history to a fundamentally new *integration* that connects *knowledge* to *science* to *actions* to achieve *outcomes*. 

Why? Because the greatest problems of our time &mdash; be they inequality, climate, conflict, or how your business can best succeed &mdash; can only be solved by understanding how decisions in one realm affect another, and by using the power of data to see further than ever before, along with AI to analzye that data. 

But connecting the disciplines isn't enough. They also have to be connected to the *decisions* made by *people* whose consequences have effects near and far. 

The OpenDI ecosystem &mdash; which is centered around the discipline of *Decision Intelligence* (which gives a blueprint for how to fit the pieces together) is the catalyst for this integration. 
We're on a mission to empower you to make informed choices in a world that is increasingly volatile, uncertain, complex, and ambiguous.

## What

OpenDI.org is an integrated ecosystem whose mission includes creating standards for Decision Intelligence. We curate a source of truth 
for how Decision Intelligence software systems interact, thereby allowing small and large participants alike to provide parts of an overall solution.
By uniting decision makers, architects, asset managers, simulation managers, administrators, engineers, and researchers around a common framework that connects technology to actions that lead to outcomes, we are paving the way for diverse contributors to solve local and global challenges, and to lower barriers to entry for all Decision Intelligence stakeholders.

[Learn More >>](./OpenDI%20Intro%20Material.md)

## OpenDI Standards
OpenDI is a brand-new initiative, and this is reflected by our small set of initial standards.  You can read them by following the links below.

### [Roles and User Stories](http://roles-user-stories.opendi.org)
Describes a standardized language for talking about decision makers as they formalize &mdash; and build computer systems that help them to make &mdash; decisions.

### [(Working Draft) JSON Schema](http://json-schema.opendi.org)
Describes a format for files that contain Causal Decision Models (CDMs): the core representation of DI and the ecosystem.

> This resource is in **working draft** state, meaning it is still under heavy development.  
> While this resource may receive significant changes in a short time, comments and other input on its current state are still welcome!

### [API Specification](./API%20Specification.md)
Describes an interchange format for how components of a DI system talk to another.  Just as you computer's keyboard can be made by one company, it's chips by another, and your mouse by a third, this API specification allows elements of a DI system to communicate in a standard language, thereby supporting a vibrant ecosystem of vendors, researchers, educators, and users.

> This resource is in **pre-development**, meaning it is not yet ready for public comment.

## Contribution

Want to join an exciting group of visionaries who are helping to create OpenDI?  Check out the [contribution guide](./How%20To%20Contribute.md) here.

## Credits
David Roberts, Lorien Pratt, Nadine Malcolm, Isaac Kellogg, <your name here!, [here's how](./How%20To%20Contribute.md)\>.
